Story Recapped here. Today,
I'm going to explain a drama,
fantasy, and horror film called "Wildling."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
Deep into the woods,
a little girl named Anna lives with her guardian,
Gabe, whom she calls “Daddy." Almost every night,
Gabe describes to Anna what a wildling
looks like. A wildling has sharp teeth,
long nails, and a hairy figure. This scares Anna,
whose young mind is curious about the outdoors.
The little girl lives in an attic and has never
been outside. Gabe takes care of her by providing
her basic needs and monitoring her health. He
only feeds Anna vegetables and prohibits her
from eating meat. He is also the only human that
she has interacted with. One day out of boredom,
Anna approaches the door. She hears Gabe talking
to someone. Feeling curious, she touches the knob,
and an electric shock knocks her unconscious. She
wakes up to Gabe, who comforts her and explains
that the electric trap prevents the wildlings
from entering Anna’s room. She is the last child
left on Earth, so he has to protect her. Anna asks
about the person he was talking to, but he tells
her that they're the only humans left.
Anna celebrates her birthday by receiving a cake
from Gabe. He also gives her a hamster as a gift.
It's the closest thing Anna has to a friend. One
day, her hamster dies, so Gabe explains to her the
concept of death. He also adds that the hamster
is now in a better place to make her feel better.
That night, Anna dreams of waking
up in the middle of the forest.
She follows a path and hides behind a tall tree
upon hearing noises. She sees a monstrous and
werewolf-like figure feasting on someone. The
following morning, Gabe finds bloodstains on her
bed which upsets him. He informs Anna that
she is sick and provides medicine for her.
He injects a substance into her body that prevents
her from maturing. Years pass and the daily dose
of injections make Anna sicker by the day.
On her birthday, Gabe injects another shot of
medicine. It becomes harder to communicate with
Anna because of the medicine’s side effects.
That day, she asks him to take her to “the
better place.” It takes him by surprise, and he
sheds tears after coming to terms with the fact
that she's dying. Moments later, Gabe brings a
gun to end Anna’s suffering. However, he cannot
bring himself to shoot her and instead turns the
gun on himself. After the incident, Anna wakes up
in a hospital. Panic takes over her as she sees
unfamiliar people in a foreign place. She gets up
as soon as she gains consciousness and runs toward
the hallway despite being stopped by doctors.
She sees a ladder and climbs it. She goes to the
rooftop and basks in the sun for the first time.
Medical personnel runs to her rescue and brings
her back to a room. When she wakes up again,
Ellen Cooper, the local sheriff, introduces
herself. Ellen says she rescued her after
neighbors reported a gunshot at Gabe's home.
The physician excuses Ellen and informs her
that Anna’s body is low on estrogen because
of the injections. He further tells her that she
has no history of having a menstrual cycle. Both
of them conclude that Gabe had terrible intentions
towards Anna. Ellen reenters the room and unstraps
Anna to make her more comfortable. Anna seems to
be calmer with the officer compared to others.
She asks about Gabe, so the sheriff accompanies
her to his room, where he is under intensive
care. She grows worried about the condition of
the only person she knows for her whole life.
The following morning, another doctor
recommends discharging Anna to a therapy house.
Ellen objects to locking up Anna once again, but
the doctor insists that therapy will help her.
However, Anna expresses wanting to stay with
Ellen. The sheriff will take care of her while
they wait for the D.N.A. tests to discover her
identity and if Gabe is her biological father.
Both of them drive to Ellen’s home while Anna
observes the outdoors for the first time.
They arrive at Ellen’s house, and she asks
Anna if she is hungry. She gives Anna a hamburger.
It is the first time that she tastes meat. In the
meantime, Ellen’s brother, Ray, arrives home as
well. That night, while Ellen prepares the room
for Anna to sleep in, Anna asks her to close the
window, fearing that a wildling will attack her.
Gabe’s stories still consume her thoughts. Ellen
returns to Gabe's house and enters the attic.
She discovers a disturbing image drawn
by Anna of a wildling eating a human.
The following day, Ellen finds Anna sleeping in
a closet. She then wakes the poor girl up to have
some breakfast. Ellen sees her barefoot as Anna
stares into the vast forest. Anna has a vision
of her running and the northern lights. Later on,
Ray shows her around after picking up some
groceries and reveals to Anna how babies are made.
He finds her ignorance entertaining, so he lets
her view explicit content from the internet.
As they spend more time together, Ray
notices the weird behaviors that Anna shows,
like eating as if she is hungry all the time and
refusing to use table utensils. Ellen picks Anna’s
dirty clothes from the closet and notices blood
on her pants. She hands Anna a box of tampons,
but she has no idea about its purpose. Ellen tells
her that she is now a woman, and she should use it
to control the blood down there.
Anna attends the local high school to make her
time more valuable. She observes her peers from
a distance and remains in amazement. A fellow
student shows her the library and invites her
to a party over the weekend. This makes Anna
smile as she feels a sense of belonging. She
has a habit of going barefoot wherever she goes,
and the other students laugh at her for it. She
develops superhuman hearing and feels drawn to
the forest and the Northern lights. Anna ends up
in a school back door where she meets Lawrence and
another student. They threaten her, and Ray ends
up getting beat by the two guys, but Anna protects
him by throwing a punch at Lawrence’s friend.
Anna has the freedom to be outside
and explore nature now that she is under Ellen’s
care. She spots a lone deer and chases after it.
A grizzled man known as “The Wolf Man” stalks Anna
after seeing her alone. Her running abilities are
beyond impressive despite her being immobile
for years. Out of nowhere, The Wolf Man appears
in front of her. The Wolf Man stops Anna from
triggering a hunter's trap, which might hurt her.
He demonstrates how the trap works, and
she realizes that he intends to help her.
Afterward, Anna comes to the library to learn more
about feral predators. She browses through pages
of the book and suddenly notices black marks on
her fingernails. While Ellen teaches her how to
clean herself, Anna notices the sheriff’s red
pedicure. She thinks that having color on the
nails is normal after seeing it. Ellen also breaks
the news that D.N.A.'s results show that Gabe is
not her birth father. Her reaction is puzzling.
The concept of family is still unclear to her.
Ray and Anna hang
out at the rooftop that night. Ray attempts to
tutor her about a school assignment, but she is
uninterested. Instead, she asks about the northern
lights as they lay down together. Anna sniffs him
and tells him that he smells like a hamburger. She
notices flickering lights from a great distance
and asks Ray what it is. He replies by saying
that it is a party at Jen’s house. Anna tells
him that Jen is her friend, and they both head
out to her party. This is the first time for her
to be surrounded by her peers closely. She takes
her first drink and feels slightly fazed after.
Ray and Anna share a brief romantic moment
at the party, which Lawrence notices.
All of a sudden, Anna’s mouth begins
bleeding, which ends their kiss.
She rushes to the bathroom for some privacy and
realizes that she is losing some of her teeth.
Feeling horrified, Anna flees out the window and
runs away. She goes into the woods and senses that
something or someone might be following her.
Anna tries her best to be alert and vigilant
at the moment. What seems to be a wildling
attacks her from behind and removes her clothes.
She tries to fight it with all her will, and in
defense, she bites it. She then realizes that
it is Lawrence, not a wildling. The teenage boy
tried to force himself on Anna and ended up dying
because of blood loss.
She returns to Gabe’s home in hopes of
knowing more about herself. She ascends
into the attic and enters her old bedroom.
Despite the barred window and tight space,
the place brings her a sense of home and safety.
While blood runs through her face, Anna remembers
Lawrence’s lifeless body in the woods. She cleans
herself and heads to town right away. A group
of men menacingly looks at her while she strolls
barefoot. Luckily, Ellen stumbles upon her, asking
where she spent the night. Anna does not let
out a single word. She is heavily confused about
what she did and refuses to share anything with
Ellen. Roger, another officer, knocks at the home.
As Ellen gets up, Anna spits out another tooth
which still stirs confusion in her. She realizes
that sharper teeth are causing her human teeth
to fall out, and her nails are slowly becoming
claw-like. Roger informs Ellen that Lawrence’s
father has informed authorities that he did not
come home, just like Anna. He raises suspicions
about Anna, but Ellen dismisses the thought.
Ellen storms inside to ask Anna if she
knows anything, but she remains quiet. She starts
to get annoyed because Anna chooses to ignore her
and paint her nails instead. Ray walks in to check
on Anna and tells his sister that he will talk to
her. Anna still chooses to stay silent despite
Ray’s reassurance that he will keep her safe.
He slightly opens her mouth and finds
out that she is missing teeth rapidly.
He rushes outside to inform Ellen, but Anna takes
the opportunity to run away as fast as she could.
She ends up in a mountainous area overlooking the
town. The forest brings her a sense of safety as
if she belongs there. In the woods, she encounters
The Wolf Man once again. He offers her food and
sees that she is starving. The wolfman grabs her
to check her nails and teeth. It confirms his
theory that she might be a wildling. He then tells
her that he has not seen any of her kind since the
town conducted a purge sixteen years ago.
The Wolf Man asks Anna if she
wants to know where her mother is.
Feeling intrigued, she follows him to a nearby
cavern. Inside, she discovers a skull with a
bullet hole in the forehead. She holds it closer
and sees a vision of Gabe shooting her mother.
It turns out Gabe participated in the purge 16
years ago. He could not bring himself to shoot
the human-looking baby Anna, so instead,
he hid her away. Anna feels betrayed;
she goes to the hospital and heads to Gabe’s room.
He takes a glimpse of her, but she isn’t ready to
confront him about the truth.
Meanwhile, Ellen studies the case file from the
death of Lawrence. She sees a resemblance of the
drawing from Anna’s old room to the situation
at hand. Eventually, Anna arrives at the house
and hugs Ellen desperately. Ellen sees her
claw-like nails and handcuffs her. She explains
that the police have discovered Lawrence's
body beside the dress Anna wore last night.
Because of the evidence, Anna is sent to jail,
where Ellen apologizes to her. Anna feels lonely
again after being locked up. She looks at
the mirror and notices sharp teeth growing,
similar to the skull she held. Before leaving,
Ellen brings Anna some hamburgers for her to eat.
That night, Gabe visits her and explains that
sparing her life was his greatest mistake because
it meant breaking his oath "to kill all the
Wildlings.” He passes Anna a syringe and convinces
her to inject herself, which will bring her to
a better place. Anna finally accepts that she is
a wildling and refuses to use the injection. Gabe
becomes emotional as he leaves Anna in her cell.
The following day, Ellen checks on Anna,
who is sleeping under the bed. She opens the cell,
but Anna attacks her unexpectedly. Anna locks the
officer, then flees. She runs to the car where Ray
waits. She commands him to drive, and he steps on
the gas. They head for the woods, and Anna reveals
to Ray that she is a wildling. He has no idea what
it is, and Anna refuses to share more about it.
She exits the vehicle goes deep into the woods,
where she feels most safe. In the dark, Anna
swims in a nearby lake and ends up soaking wet.
Ray sets up a bonfire and removes Anna’s clothes
to dry it. Both of them have an intimate moment
together despite Ray feeling hair growing on her
back. Anna assures him that he is safe and she
won’t harm him.
Roger and Gabe meet to discuss Anna's escape.
Gabe is upset at what happened. They organize
hunters to go after Anna in hopes of taking her
captive. Anna and Ray run as search dogs are
released into the forest to find her. However, Ray
gets shot after a group of hunters ambush them.
They struggle to find a way out as they end up on
a cliff. Anna pushes Ray first, then dives into
the water to escape. Knowing that Ray's life
is in danger, Anna runs the other way, leading
the hunters in her direction. Ray reunites with
his sister and informs her that Anna is “gone."
Anna is now on her own and adapts to
desperate measures to survive. She has transformed
almost entirely into a wildling. She covers her
face and body with dirt as camouflage. Weeks
have passed, and Ellen is still on Anna's case.
One night, Anna twitches around and transforms
into her final form. In her true appearance,
Anna is almost unrecognizable.
On his daily stroll, Ray notices Roger filling
gas in a truck. He thinks that they are on the
move to kill and hunt Anna down. He immediately
calls Ellen to inform her about their plan.
On their expedition, Anna manages to kill a
hunter after knocking him to the ground. The group
gathers around the body and continues to look for
her. At the same time, Ellen arrives at the forest
to rescue Anna from the hunters. However, she
gets stronger by the day as her skills grow more
robust. Anna manages to kill another hunter after
setting up the same trap that The Wolf Man showed.
Roger holds Ellen at gunpoint after discovering
the body. Because of this, Anna kills him as well.
She reveals herself to Ellen and shows
her pregnant belly before running away.
The hunters set the forest on fire, which agitates
Anna even more. She runs to see the fire that is
taking over her home. She finds a way to get past
this, but her pregnancy limits her strength. This
leaves her no choice but to dig underground to
escape the heat. She tirelessly digs and ends
up in a similar cavern where she was found.
Unfortunately, Gabe tracks her down and
tranquilizes her. The shot takes away the
remaining strength she has, causing her to fall to
the ground. Gabe approaches her to check her vital
signs. He recalls the familiar feeling of seeing
Anna’s mother. He performs a c-section on Anna
to claim the unborn child, but she regains her
strength and uses the fire on Gabe so she could
escape. After waiting for the timing, she leaves
a big bite on Gabe’s neck, killing him. Anna lets
out an angry shriek before falling to the ground
once again. Upon gaining consciousness, she sees
The Wolf Man stitching her wounds. The following
day, Ellen and Ray see Anna from a distance.
They allow her to escape into the wilderness,
which will be better for her. Eventually,
Anna reaches the northern lights, which is her
ultimate goal. She holds her newborn child while
looking at the beautiful sky. She feels at peace
and content with the life she is living. Suddenly,
Anna hears a wildling from a distance, which means
that their kind might rise and live freely again.